[EDGE CIE-4954] Edge on K8s updated supported kubernetes versions (#3275)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/edge/edge-on-kubernetes-2025.0.1-supported-kubernetes-versions.md

---
date: 2025-05-01
title: Edge on Kubernetes now supports Kubernetes 1.30.x – 1.32.x
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-g7hnfbu4J
    label: Edge on Kubernetes
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-nJH2U7g3u
    label: edge-operator
ticket: CIE-4954
version: 2025.0.1
---

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge on Kubernetes has been tested and is officially supported on Kubernetes versions 1.30.x, 1.31.x, and 1.32.x across supported platforms, including K3s, EKS, AKS, and upstream Kubernetes.

Reviewer: If I read this as a user, it's unclear what action might be required of me. In fact, I'm starting to have doubts about how we describe our support entirely!
* Are we saying you _must_ upgrade kubernetes version as part of 2025.0.1, and that 1.25 isn't supported?
* Are we telling the truth about "tested" here? We're only actually testing 1.32.x!

I feel that there must be a better way to describe all this, somehow being honest about what we test, but that we _support_ a much wider range without asking a user to stick to a very specific version. Let's talk about this when you have a spare moment.

Author: We also test, currently 1.31.x, as by default AKS doesn't pick the very latest major version.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ae83c0d0-1f89-4e34-8419-4e5a324b194e)

We can probably state that,
Edge on Kubernetes was tested and validated on Kubernetes version 1.32.x, the latest GA release at the time of product release. However, it is expected to work with any CNCF-certified Kubernetes distribution from version 1.25.x and above, although these versions have not been explicitly tested.

Reviewer: That's a much better statement. "expected to work" is a _bit_ too weak though - I'd like to keep using "support" because in practice we would. Inspires more confidence, without committing us to do anything we wouldn't already do. 
e.g. somebody comes to us with a problem running Edge on k8s 1.34.x because we're using an API that got deprecated then, it would be in everybody's interests for us to push out a fix.

Although mentioning 1.25.x implies that we would support out-of-support versions of Kubernetes, which exposes us to problems that we cannot help with e.g. a zero-day in kubernetes, where we could advise somebody on 1.34.x to just upgrade, but if they were on an out-of-support k8s we'd be stuck.

```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge on Kubernetes has been tested and validated on Kubernetes version 1.32.x, the latest GA release at the time of product release. However, we support any CNCF-certified Kubernetes distribution that is still in active support, including K3s, EKS, AKS, and upstream Kubernetes.
```
